1. My eye is first drawn to the large centered book deal of the moment.
The website has two rows of header where I can get listener options, all the stuff I want to use regulary like a wish list.
 This site helps me to choose a book to read with recommendations based on  my prefernces and reading history.The look of the sight is cute, neat, organized, simple and minimal. The content is practical, oredered, reduced, flexible and informative. It is easy to navigate from the homeapge. I love that is page makes finding a book, which is a daunting task so easy, by offering visual galleries of book options by genere and by referncing my read list. I can also search for a specific book in the header, or browse by genre in the footer if I end up at the bottom and prefer the list format.
 I feel excited and relaxed at the same time after spending time on this site. It has a cutsy old fashioned feel, with bokmarks and banners. I know that I will find a book quickly and will be enjoying it shortly.
 The page sells monthly plans for listening to audio books. I have 3 books a month, and I almost always purchase an extra three credits, the site is so easy to use and the accompaning app for playing the books is very consistent and easy to use.

2.The collabedit page for free use is very simple. I am drawn to the calming blue header and open space of the unfilled text feild used for editing and writing one's program. The site has a nice rounded modern font.
The style is extremely bare, simple, functioanl, clear and a bit harsh.
I love being able to share and edit live with someone without having an account.
The site is really only functional, it is informative, boring, pratical and oderly.
There are few options, which makes the site easy to use. I just discovered that you can record and view one's session progress, which is a cool feature.
The site makes me feel kinda ...meh. It is not terribly attractive it has some harshly styyled elelments. The site doesns't leave much of a footprint which is fine, it's meant to be an invisible tool for doing one's work.
One can pay for the sit but I haven't subscribed yet, I will probably not go back after using stypi. Collab edit can be slow and a bit buggy at times.

3. Github is a fabulous and invaualble tool and resource. I am not going to cover all the areas that make it soo cool. My eye is definitely drawn to the illustrations and logos of the git octo-cat! The cute little crearure helps to illustrate in 4 large images that link to the main things you want to do at the site: setup git, create repos, fork and share. 
The look of the site is great. It is modern with nice rounded edges, cute art as I mentioned, contrast of pastel colors and black cats. The site is modern, soft, clean, and subtle.
The site allows one to track, store, share, and edit files remotely, to keep up with news, and explore others code. There probably many featurews I am not aware of. I love that I know that no matter what area of the page I am on, I can find clear instructions on how to do whatever I want to do, it is user friendly. For a highly technical site, for use by engineers it puts me at ease and helps me to join the community of productive creators.
The user can easy toggel back and forth betweeen public and private areas, the main page dispalys curret repos that I am working on, what activity has happened with my projects, a me feed, and links to news, tools to explore others work as well.
The site makes me feel safe, empowered and creative, even organized!
The site sells an option to have private repos but I haven't needed one. I would happily pay the subscription just to support the company, as of know I'm a starving student.
